Update guidance for vault PKI CA provider (#15422)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/connect/ca/vault.mdx

  were introduced in Vault 0.10.3. Prior versions of Vault are not
  compatible with Connect.

> ~> **Note:** Do not use Vault v1.11.0+ as Consul's Connect CA provider — the intermediate CA will become unable to issue the leaf nodes required by service mesh, and by Consul client agents if using auto-encrypt or auto-config and using TLS for agent communication. If you are already using Vault 1.11+ as a Connect CA, refer to the [Knowledge Base article](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491) for more information about the underlying cause and recommended workaround.

Reviewer: Can we change **the** to **this**?

Current: If you are already using Vault 1.11+ as a Connect CA, refer to **the** [Knowledge Base article](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491)

Change requested:
 If you are already using Vault 1.11+ as a Connect CA, refer to **this** [Knowledge Base article](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491)

> ~> **Note:** Do not use Vault v1.11.0+ as Consul's Connect CA provider — the intermediate CA will become unable to issue the leaf nodes required by service mesh and all actions (if using auto-encrypt or auto-config, and using mTLS for server-to-server communication). If you are already using Vault 1.11+ as a Connect CA, refer to the [Knowledge Base article](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491) for more information about the underlying cause and recommended workaround.

Reviewer 2: I'm concerned that someone could interpret this as "required by service mesh if using auto-encrypt/auto-config". Which isn't true. It always applies to service mesh. It also applies to control plane traffic if using auto-encrypt or auto-config and using mTLS for Consul agent communication.

Could look something like this.
```suggestion
~> **Note:** Do not use Vault v1.11.0+ as Consul's Connect CA provider — the intermediate CA will become unable to issue the leaf nodes required by service mesh, and by Consul client agents if using auto-encrypt or auto-config and using TLS for agent communication. If you are already using Vault 1.11+ as a Connect CA, refer to the [Knowledge Base article](https://support.hashicorp.com/hc/en-us/articles/11308460105491) for more information about the underlying cause and recommended workaround.
```

I defer to your judgment.

Reviewer 2: Same comment would apply to the other 2 places
